Update lastest default version description on FAQ doc (#14098)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-faq.md

### What versions of TiDB are supported on TiDB Cloud?

- Starting from June 20, 2023, the default TiDB version for new TiDB Dedicated clusters is v6.5.3. 
- Starting from March 7, 2023, the default TiDB version for new TiDB Serverless clusters is v6.6.0.

> For the more information, see [TiDB Cloud Release Notes](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [TiDB Cloud Release Notes](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md).
```

### What versions of TiDB are supported on TiDB Cloud?

> Since June 20th, 2023, the latest default TiDB version for new TiDB Dedicated clusters is v6.5.3. In TiDB Serverless Cluster, it is v6.6.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Starting from June 20, 2023, the default TiDB version for new TiDB Dedicated clusters is v6.5.3. 
- Starting from March 7, 2023, the default TiDB version for new TiDB Serverless clusters is v6.6.0.
```
